Is there really a hair dryer in the lemon?
Brother, what are you thinking?
Are you thinking about when it will come soon?
What field are you in?
No
Coach Lin Wenli's appearance on the field that day
Not like eating
Youth Day, you take care of him, take care of him
Well, you practice well
I promise you two will win this competition
Li Wenli
What are you doing?
You take stimulants to smear our faces
Are you too embarrassed to stay here?
You should kneel down and apologize to us one by one
If you have the ability, come up and fight with me together
Grinding day by day
How can we beat your kind?
Drug addict
Ouch, I'm so scared. After all, are you on drugs?
But Brother Tiger
I've heard of women taking drugs in that regard
Increase really?
Yo Lin Wenli
Why don't you try it with our brothers?
The three of us go together
It will definitely satisfy you.
Teacher Lin Wenli bullied us
Why do I keep bullying you all?
Teacher, help!
I immediately ran into the plug
Then he took it out on us
Nonsense, you obviously scolded me first, that's enough
Don't make trouble anymore
Lin Wenli, if you fight with other students again
Just get me out of the fight gym